But there is no quiet rich pool of Mr. Secret,
I have never seen anything like this in my heart.
Also known as the center of gravity.
It's not like that, I never care about my business,
I have never done anything well,
Why would he help me instead?
Why didn't I care? It was you who told me that I didn't understand anything.
There's no point in telling me, so I don't need to say more,
I can only pretend to know nothing about anything, but beside you,
Because of the care that I don’t know, now it seems that my companionship for these three years is a wish of mine.
But your eyes are not as good as Bai Yi's resources.
I am not the one who will die. I am divorced from you.
Now there is no point in taking off my clothes several times.
as you said
I want you to be unable to give anything
Not for the moment when Mingnu can get divorced
My true identity is yours, so break it off
From now on, there will be nothing to hang on
Fortunately, I don’t want to introduce it to you.
Under the light of the battle
Just fix the furnace like this
It's okay, someone's here
you see me
I've wanted to hit you for a long time
Bring a furnace repairman
Change your whole family, the Song family, forever
you people
Don't you think you won't be blamed?